Docs - steps to upgrade images (#594)
Nordix/metal3-dev-tools: wow/Upgrade-image.md

# Upgrading images

### 1. Download the vanilla image
   - **Ubuntu**
   
   Download the target raw version from http://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/ then convert it to `qcow2` 
```
qemu-img convert -O qcow2 ubuntu-22.04-server-cloudimg-amd64.img ubuntu-22.04-server-cloudimg-amd64_01_09_22.qcow2
```
   - **Centos**

 Download the target qcow2 version directly from https://cloud.centos.org/centos/9-stream/x86_64/images/
 
### 2. Upload the qcow2 both regions in citycloud
The region target can be specified in the openstack rc-file, download and source the rc-file then run

```
openstack image create --disk-format qcow2 --container-format bare --private --file ./Centos-7-9-22.qcow2 CentOS-Stream-9-20220829
```
### 3. Update the source image name in the dev-tools
Create a PR to update the source image name `SOURCE_IMAGE_NAME` that will be used when running the image building job ex:  https://github.com/Nordix/metal3-dev-tools/pull/592/files
### 4. Trigger image buiding job

> Once the dev-tools pr get merged the image building job will be triggered automatically and build node images with the default kubernetes version and the openstack images in the different resions, but you still need to retrigger the job manually from jenkins to build the node images with old kubernetes versions needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the dev-tools pr get merged the image building job will be triggered automatically and build node images with the default kubernetes version and the openstack images in the different versions, but you still need to retrigger the job manually from jenkins to build the node images with old kubernetes versions needed ("Build with Parameters" and set the kubernetes version that is needed).
```

> Once the dev-tools pr get merged the image building job will be triggered automatically and build node images with the default kubernetes version and the openstack images in the different resions, but you still need to retrigger the job manually from jenkins to build the node images with old kubernetes versions needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the dev-tools PR get merged, the image building job will be triggered automatically and build node images with the default kubernetes version and the openstack images in the different versions, but you still need to re-trigger the job manually from jenkins to build the node images with old kubernetes versions needed.
```
Small nit: please use "PR" instead of "pr". Because previously you have used "PR".

> The main tests usually use two image nodes with different kubernetes minor versions used when testing upgrading kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main tests usually use two node images with different kubernetes minor versions used when testing upgrading kubernetes.
```

check `KUBERNETES_VERSION` and `UPGRADED_K8S_VERSION` in dev-env.

> The older release might still need different kubernetes versions for the same tests!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The older release branches might still need different kubernetes versions for the their tests!
```

### 5. Update dev-env and capm3

> Now after building all the necessary images and uploading them we need to update the images name and location in dev-env and capm3 repos eg. PRs: [dev-env uplift](https://github.com/metal3-io/metal3-dev-env/pull/1069/files), [capm3 uplift ](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/pull/712/files). In capm3 besides update the main branch we might need to backport the updates to the old releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After building all the necessary images and uploading them, we need to update the images name and location in dev-env and capm3 repos example PRs: [dev-env uplift](https://github.com/metal3-io/metal3-dev-env/pull/1069/files), [capm3 uplift ](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/pull/712/files). Please to be noted, we might need to back port the updates to the old releases in capm3.
```
